Make RosTeamWorkspace independent of installed path (#55)
StoglRobotics/ros_team_workspace: docs/tutorials/setting_up_rtw.rst

   source ros_team_workspace/setup.bash

That's all. You are now set to use RosTeamWS. If you want to add auto-sourcing you can simply execute the following command:

.. code-block:: bash

   setup-auto-sourcing

> This is going to configure the RosTeamWorkspace permanently. If you want to revert those changes or prefer to do them by yourself simply follow the next few steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is going to configure the RosTeamWorkspace permanently. If you want to revert those changes or prefer to do them by yourself simply follow the next few steps.
```

Manual auto-sourcing
"""""""""""""""""""""

Add auto-sourcing of configuration to your ``.bashrc`` file by adding the following lines to its end using your favorite text editor (e.g., ``vim`` or ``nano``):

.. code-block:: bash

   if [ -f ~/.ros_team_ws_rc ]; then
       . ~/.ros_team_ws_rc
   fi

Copy ``<PATH TO ros_team_workspace>/templates/.ros_team_ws_rc`` file to your home folder using

.. code-block:: bash

   cp <PATH TO ros_team_workspace>/templates/.ros_team_ws_rc ~/

and adjust the following values using your favorite text editor:

- ``<PATH TO ros_team_workspace>`` - with the path to the framework folder

.. note::
  If you have ros installed at another location than /opt/ros/<ros-distro> , please adjust the ALTERNATIVE_ROS_<ROS-DISTRO>_LOCATION variable in the ~/.ros_team_ws_rc to according location.

Now you are ready to:

- :ref:`setup your first workspace <uc-setup-workspace>`,
- :ref:`quick-start <tutorial-quick-start>`,

> - or check out one of our:ref:`other use-cases <uc-index>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- or check out one of the :ref:`use-cases <uc-index>`.
```
